I let you walk around
You said this was the engagement party you prepared for Qing Xue
Of course, how can I remember that this is what I gave
The wedding anniversary banquet prepared by Qingxue
Hahahaha
Xiao Chen
You brag, you are not afraid to blow the sky apart
At Tiangong Hotel
Those who can order a party here must not only have money
What's more important is identity and status
Like you, you want money, no money, no identity, no identity
I want the bottom trash with no status
Are you also worthy of ordering a banquet at Tiangong Hotel?
Still private
You're kidding!
Excuse me.
On Money and Status
Throughout Yuncheng
No one is more qualified than me at all
And you don't even have the qualifications to appear in front of me
You piece of crap!
You really put gold on your face
We Lin Shao are from a first-class family
Only then can you be eligible to book a room at this Tiangong Hotel
You rubbish
He doesn't even deserve to give us the qualifications to carry the shoes of Mr. Lin
Don't embarrass yourself here
No, it's not.
Dad is awesome
Many great uncles have to kneel down to their father
You little white-eyed wolf, what are you doing, shut up for me
Xiao Chen, I was looking at Qingxue's face before
Endure you everywhere
I didn't expect you to have an inch
How dare you make trouble at my wedding
I see you really don't cry without seeing the coffin
If you dare to be arrogant in front of me again
It's time for your Lin family to prepare a new coffin board.
You are courting death, Xiao Chen.
Will you shut up?
Lin Shao is depressed
He is mentally ill
Full of nonsense
You mustn't know him in general
Humph
son
For the sake of Qingxue's plea for you
Do you rest assured?
Qingxue, are you confused?
Leave this trash here and he's sure to be in trouble
Don't worry, mom.
I'll keep an eye on him.
Huo Shoufu Murong President
The three Asura kings are united as Miss Liu Qingxue
Send blessings
Congratulations to Liu Xiao
Find the most significant other in the world